readme.md, before:

#Shexter - Shell Texter

Send and read texts from your Android phone using your Linux or Windows command line.

[Get client here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tetchel/Shexter/master/shexter_client/shexter.py)

[Get apk here](https://github.com/tetchel/Shexter/raw/master/shexter/app/build/outputs/apk/shexter.apk)

##Client Setup

**Dependencies:** Python: Version 3 for Windows Installer, 2.7 or 3 for Windows Client, 2.7 or 3 for Linux client.

In order to start using Shexter you must edit the client .py file to use your subnet IP address, which can be found by opening the Shexter app on your phone. The IP should stay the same until you reboot your router, but if the client starts freezing or is otherwise failing check if it has changed. Obviously I will change this in the future to be more user friendly.

Then, on Linux, cd to the directory with the Shexter files and run the installer to have Shexter accessible from anywhere. 

The Windows installer does not yet work.

Note that, for now, Shexter ignores MMS messages altogether. This can be a problem when communicating with users who send MMS and don't realize it.

### Fonts

You are probably going to want Unicode font support in your terminal so your Unicode characters do not show as blocks.

**screenshots comming soon**

On Linux:
For `rxvt-unicode`, a popular terminal emulator, you can set the current line in your `.Xresources`:
`URxvt*font: -xos4-terminus-medium-r-normal--14-140-72-72-c-80-iso10646-1, xft:WenQuanYi Micro Hei Mono,style=Regular, xft:Symbola`

The first font is a bitmap font in XLFD format. The other two are Xft. The order depicts the glyph priority if there is overlap.

So this setting would show Terminus for ASCII, WenQuanYi Micro Hei Mono for Chinese, and Symbola for remaining Unicode characters such as emoji.

**To do**: fix support for Noto Emoji, which is the same font that Android uses.

##App Setup

You must [enable installation from unknown sources](http://www.androidcentral.com/allow-app-installs-unknown-sources) in order to be able to install the apk.

Requires Contacts and SMS permissions. The app does not yet request permissions, so you must enable them yourself in Settings > Apps > Shexter > Permissions

You may want to check your Security settings for your SMS message limit setting, which can prevent Shexter from sending frequent messages.

Commit message:

reworked message retrieval to use android API so it should work for all phone numbers. Also wrapped read output to 100 character lines - still need to indent lines after the first in messages so multiple lines don't look so weird.

readme.md, after:

#Shexter - Shell Texter

Send and read texts from your Android phone using your Linux or Windows command line.

[Get client here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tetchel/Shexter/master/shexter_client/shexter.py)

[You also need this dependency for the client, appdirs library.](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tetchel/Shexter/master/shexter_client/appdirs.py)

[Get apk here](https://github.com/tetchel/Shexter/raw/master/shexter/app/build/outputs/apk/shexter.apk)

##Client Setup

**Dependencies:** Python 3, and [appdirs](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tetchel/Shexter/master/shexter_client/appdirs.py), on all platforms.

In order to start using Shexter you must edit the client .py file to use your subnet IP address, which can be found by opening the Shexter app on your phone. The IP should stay the same until you reboot your router, but if the client starts freezing or is otherwise failing check if it has changed. Obviously I will change this in the future to be more user friendly.

Then, on Linux, cd to the directory with the Shexter files and run the installer to have Shexter accessible from anywhere. 

The Windows installer does not yet work.

Note that, for now, Shexter ignores MMS messages altogether. This can be a problem when communicating with users who send MMS and don't realize it.

### Fonts

You are probably going to want Unicode font support in your terminal so your Unicode characters do not show as blocks.

**screenshots comming soon**

On Linux:
For `rxvt-unicode`, a popular terminal emulator, you can set the current line in your `.Xresources`:
`URxvt*font: -xos4-terminus-medium-r-normal--14-140-72-72-c-80-iso10646-1, xft:WenQuanYi Micro Hei Mono,style=Regular, xft:Symbola`

The first font is a bitmap font in XLFD format. The other two are Xft. The order depicts the glyph priority if there is overlap.

So this setting would show Terminus for ASCII, WenQuanYi Micro Hei Mono for Chinese, and Symbola for remaining Unicode characters such as emoji.

**To do**: fix support for Noto Emoji, which is the same font that Android uses.

##App Setup

You must [enable installation from unknown sources](http://www.androidcentral.com/allow-app-installs-unknown-sources) in order to be able to install the apk.

Requires Contacts and SMS permissions. The app does not yet request permissions, so you must enable them yourself in Settings > Apps > Shexter > Permissions

You may want to check your Security settings for your SMS message limit setting, which can prevent Shexter from sending frequent messages.
